"Element with lang attribute has valid language tag" [de46e4]: Updated Failed Examples 4 and 5 to reflect Applicability (#2094)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/element-lang-valid-de46e4.md

#### Failed Example 4

> The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though its descendant `p` element is not [included in the accessibility tree][] due to the presence of the `aria-hidden="true"` attribute, the content of the `p` element is still [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though the `p` element is not [included in the accessibility tree][] due to the presence of the `aria-hidden="true"` attribute, it is [visible][]; therefore its content is [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.
```
(there is only one `p` element, so no need to disambiguate, plus "its (descendant)" refers here to the `lang` attribute (value) (subject of the previous sentence) making "its descendant" technically incorrect)

#### Failed Example 5

> The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though its descendant `p` element is not [visible][] due to the CSS properties set, the content of the `p` element is still [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though the `p` element is not [visible][] due to the being moved off-screen, it is [included in the accessibility tree][]; therefore its content is [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.
```

> The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though the `p` element is not [visible][] due to the being moved off-screen, it is [included in the accessibility tree][]; therefore its content is [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `lang` [attribute value][] does not have a valid language tag. Even though the `p` element is not [visible][] due to it being moved off-screen, it is [included in the accessibility tree][]; therefore its content is [text inheriting its programmatic language][] from the `article` element. Hence, the lang attribute must be valid.
```
